All right welcome.
Welcome back.
I'm a student so it's fun for us to learn about blade.
All right.
Now I tell you that blade is a templating engine for BHP basically BHP has a native BHP Templi engine
that you can use but it's not very friendly and there are all other templating engines out there it
just makes BHP a lot easier to use with the male or just clear something cleaner.
OK.
Just like you see in this curly brackets here this is just a little bit of blade.
All right.
So blade Let's start by creating a master template with blade are-I Let me show you how useful blade
can be.
And as you can see here we are creating a contact page post page and we have just too much mail.
All right imagine if we wanted to have a friend navigation for each of these pages or different content
.
We will have to go ahead and copy and paste this stuff over and over again what if we wanted to have
the same navigation.
All right.
We will have to copy and paste the same navigation over and over again.
Right that's what we use includes in BHB right.
We use the key we include the function include or require.
And then we include certain things in the mail from.
And we break it down with head or food or navigation whatever into different files right.
Well we can do something a little bit cooler in Lara bell.
All right.
So I'm going to create a new BHB file where if I rectory saw rector with a new ph before I'm going to
call these are three layouts for Slash and let's just name an app that BHP actually app that blade that
.
All right.
And this app is very popular between developers this is what even Larabee uses.
That name of that file app that would be probably the master page right now probably that will be the
master page.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to do a question mark and then tab to create a layout.
Now what I want to do is a reality of using Bushra.
You have something like this if that core that is said is actually container and they enter.
OK so you have a container and here you have some type of content right.
So what you can do with blade is this.
You can put in that symbol.
And uses function call yield and then here you can put let's say content.
Right.
And here you could do something like this.
Yield and yield is doing exactly what is actually saying yielding or Hey we could do the footer down
here and I'll show you in a minute.
So
let's go to let's say the contact page.
All right.
So this is the contact page right here.
Let's just take all this age the male up and I'm going to say it stands on top here and I use another
function and I'm going to extend the layouts that app and that say I don't have to type in the blade
and the DOT BHB or I don't have to type that in.
Now this is going to be extending is going to be including Basically this all this template right here
.
Everything.
All right.
So let's go back here and now in order for us to get this here whatever whatever is in between this
container I'll show you in a minute.
We have to use that other function call section and put the name that we put in these yield functionality
right here which is content in that section here.
So we can see content.
Now we have to close it all right.
We keep saying we can say something like N.S. or we can't even say stop if we want it so like this.
All right.
Now this is a contact page right.
So I could say something like contact page here.
All right.
Now let's copy this real quick and let's take it to the post page and paste it in there and do pull
speech here.
Right.
So now if we visit
contact enter if we do view page source you can see that all of that is included in there.
So why is the beauty of doing this is that we don't have all of them male.
And each page is different.
So just in case here let's say for example in this contact page I want to display in javascript right
.
I could say something like S..
This is a section for the footer and stop here.
I want this place in javascript so I'm going to write a script.
I am going to say Alert
Hello fizzer.
Now let me go to the polls control here real quick.
All right.
I shall post
so if I go to the contact page and typing in.
Or you can see that I that I get is javascript but if I go to post
all I have to type a variable is not going to work because we don't have that variable in there.
All right.
Post let's just put the variable in there and make it work
and Id
then we do the name and then we do the password right.
Make sure that you put dollar symbols again.
Blade is not going to do it for us.
Right.
So we've got to let Bley know that they are variables.
All right so now we go back to it.
We should be able to see that.
All right post that is.
And there we go.
As you can see there.
All right.
So now you can see that we can only use where we need insert pages so if we need an alert and contact
page we have it if we need a variables in the other page we don't have to include it.
All right.
So this is why Bley so useful in the next lecture I'm going to show you some more examples with Blaye
that you are going to love.
I can guarantee you that.
And you can do create multiple layouts if you want to lay up for admin go ahead and do it right.
Anyway thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lecture.
Keep having some more fun guys.